The rules: each poem is made from part of the output of a single run of the runwayml; tried not to change the order of the output too much. 
Following in the style of blackout poetry (https://writers.com/what-is-blackout-poetry-examples-and-inspiration)


Poem #1: Wines that I’m not going to try

Fairy Bloom
Blueberry (Dry) Dahlia
Golden Peach (Dry) Dahlia
Goldberry (Dry) Dahlia, Honeydew (Dry) Dahlia, 
Kale Hybrid (Dry) Dahlia, 
Melon (Dry) Dahlia, 
Melon (Dry) Dahlia,

Made from output:   
Fairy Bloom, Nasturtium & Lace Hazelnut, Blueberry (Dry) Dahlia, Golden Peach (Dry) Dahlia, Goldberry (Dry) Dahlia, Honeydew (Dry) Dahlia, Kale Hybrid (Dry) Dahlia, Melon (Dry) Dahlia, Melon (Dry)     Dahlia,

Poem #2: Beverly's a beautiful addition to the summer

Beverly's 
Blue, 

with Silver Lace 
Beverly's Red, 

With Silver Lace Cafe de Nast,

(Coconut)
is 

a beautiful addition to the summer landscape 

with bright

purple flowers that blend together 

when your lawn or garden is 

not a bright 
but a lovely blend 

of green foliage with purple flowers 

for a beautiful contrast. 


Made from output: 
Beverly's Blue, White with Silver Lace Beverly's Red, Black and Red with Black and White With Silver Lace Cafe de Nast, 
Chocolate Peacock Pineapple, Chocolate Peacock Cream Pie, Black and Silver Lace Chocolate Peacock with Chocolate Chocolate Peacock - 
with Chocolate and Chocolate Brown Chocolate Peacock and Chocolatemake, Blue Lace Blend, White Bean and Chocolate Dalmatic,
Chocolate with Blue Lace Chocolate with Cherry Red Lace Candy Flosses (Coconut) and Peanuts, Orange Coconut, Black Lotion Orange Cream with Peanut,
Red Lotion & Red Lemon Cream, with Peanut & Lemon Cream Lotion. Lolita, Red Lotion Candy Floss and Orange Juice (Mixed), White Cream and White Red Cream. 

Lolita is a beautiful addition to the summer landscape with its bright purple flowers that blend together nicely and accentuates its vibrant purple shade. 
The bright purple leaves blend in with a lovely green base to produce beautiful foliage color and a vibrant pink center. 
Red with Red Cream. 
Red Cream is a great choice when your lawn or garden is not a bright color but a lovely blend of green foliage with purple flowers for a beautiful contrast. 

Red and Purple with White Lotion with Orange Lotion and Orange Orange Cream, White, White. 
White and Yellow. Lolita, Red and Purple with Orange Cream, White, White Red Cream, Yellow, Yellow Cream 

Lolita is a perfect choice for a bright color in a lush, beautiful lawn, 
with beautiful foliage or flower beds and flowers from all of those lovely blooms, 
from the beautiful red and purple with white littler flowers, to the lovely orange, 
blue littler and yellow littler blooms and the gorgeous pink purple blossoms that add a lovely contrast to the red and purple foliage. 
The beautiful pink purple blossoms are beautiful and are the most beautiful colors to

Poem #3: 
Poem #3: don’t be fooled by the name 

be in for a 
summer evening 

or 

even in fall 

As

an extra touch. 

If you have not noticed it is very pretty in the fall.

don't be fooled by the name,

it doesn't make 

It 
just as true! 
 

The only thing 
is 

those beautiful blooms. 

White. 
Orange and Pink. 
Yellow and Blue, 
Purple, Red, 
Red with Purple Orange Cream. 

I don't have many 

and that makes me very, very angry at the world. 

I don't want that 
to become any less lovely 

than what they had been. 
If they want to change, they are free to. 
If they don't choose it, I want nothing but happiness in the world. 



Made from output: 
be in for a nice summer evening or even in fall as well, when they add an extra touch to any lawn. 
If you have not used Lolita before this summer or if you haven't noticed it is very pretty in the fall. 
It is very similar. If you are using it, just don't be fooled by the name, it doesn't make your lawns any more beautiful! 
It just does the job it was meant to. Lolita does a fantastic job of making your yards and fields beautiful and beautiful is just as true! 
The only way Lolita can make you beautiful and beautiful is through you making use of the natural beauty of the natural landscape of your area 
as if you're looking into some of those wonderful pictures from your garden! Lolita does all of this through natural plants. 

The only thing Lolita is different about it compared a lot are those beautiful blooms. 

White. Orange, Orange and Pink. Yellow and White are very nice, but I don't like those yellow. 
Orange, Blue, Purple, Yellow, Red, White, Red with Purple Orange Cream. Red and Red. Yellow. Pink, Red, Pink (Orange) and Blue (Orange), Orange cream, Orange 

I don't have many yellow or any yellow at all with any lawn I am using and that makes me very, very angry at the world. 
It has to get some better, I don't want that lawn to become any less lovely in its surroundings than what they had been. 
If they want to change, they are free to. But if they choose Lolita, Lolita will have that lovely color. 
If they don't choose it, I want nothing but happiness in the world. White. Yellow, Yellow and Pink. Purple and Purple Orange and Green

